Adding standalone section about applying changes and linking it from … (#1444)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_applying-configurations.adoc

[id="Applying_configurations_{context}"]
= Applying configurations

In following sections we suggest various tunables and how to apply them.

> Please always test changing these in non production environment first, with valid backup and with proper outage window as in most of the cases Satellite restart is required.

Reviewer: Your PR should not contain product names like satellite. Please use attributes instead as described in CONTRIBUTING.md

Author: Missed that. Thank you.

It is also a good practice to setup a monitoring before applying any change as it will allow you to evaluate effect of the change.
Our testing environment might be too far from what you will see although we are trying hard to mimic real world environment.

If you have changed some systemd service file, you need to notify systemd daemon to reload the configuration:

----
# systemctl daemon-reload
----

Note this will still need to reload the service to do the actual change. It is best to restart whole Satellite:

[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} service restart
----

> If you have changed some configuration file like `/etc/foreman-installer/custom-hiera.yaml` you need to rerun installer to apply the changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have changed some configuration file like `/etc/foreman-installer/custom-hiera.yaml`, you need to apply the changes:
```

Author: Done. Thank you.

[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer}
----

> Also you might want to rerun installer with some new option, so you can:
> 
> [options="nowrap" subs="attributes,quotes"]
> ----
> # {foreman-installer} _new options_
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To me, it is unclear _why_ this is part of the procedure.

Also, the whole procedure is missing `.Procedure` and a numbered list.

Author: Right, will reword it.

Regarding making it numbered list: It is not  a single procedure I would say. It is more set of steps that are connected, but based on what exactly you are changing, you need to pick right subset.

Author: Added, thank you!

[id="Applying_configurations_{context}"]
= Applying configurations

In following sections we suggest various tunables and how to apply them.
Please always test changing these in non production environment first, with valid backup and with proper outage window as in most of the cases {Project} restart is required.

It is also a good practice to setup a monitoring before applying any change as it will allow you to evaluate effect of the change.
Our testing environment might be too far from what you will see although we are trying hard to mimic real world environment.

> ._Changing systemd service files_

Author: I see, thank you. Done.

[id="Applying configurations_{context}"]
= Applying configurations

In following sections we suggest various tunables and how to apply them.
Please always test changing these in non production environment first, with valid backup and with proper outage window as in most of the cases Satellite restart is required.

It is also a good practice to setup a monitoring before applying any change as it will allow you to evaluate effect of the change.
Our testing environment might be too far from what you will see although we are trying hard to mimic real world environment.

> If you have changed some SystemD service file, you need to notify SystemD daemon to reload the configuration:

Reviewer 2: Systemd is all lowercase.
```suggestion
If you have changed some systemd service file, you need to notify systemd daemon to reload the configuration:
```

----
# systemctl daemon-reload
----

Note this will still need to reload the service to do the actual change. It is best to restart whole Satellite:

[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} service restart
----

If you have changed some configuration file like `/etc/foreman-installer/custom-hiera.yaml` you need to rerun installer to apply the changes:

[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer}
----

Also you might want to rerun installer with some new option, so you can:

[options="nowrap" subs="attributes,quotes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} _new options_
----

> After any change, please run this quick {Project} health-check:

Author: Changed, thank you

[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} health check

> Running ForemanMaintain::Scenario::FilteredScenario
> ================================================================================
> Check number of fact names in database:                               [OK]
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> Check whether all services are running:                               [OK]
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> Check whether all services are running using the ping call:           [OK]
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> Check for paused tasks:                                               [OK]
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> Check whether system is self-registered or not:                       [OK]
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We generally don't include console output. Instead, you can say "Verify that all services are running:
command ...
"

Author: Removed, thank you

# systemctl daemon-reload
----

> After this you still need to reload relevant service for the change to take effect. It is best to restart whole {Project}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart {Project} services:
```

Author: Thank you.

[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} service restart
----

> If you have changed some configuration file (e.g. `/etc/foreman-installer/custom-hiera.yaml`) you need to rerun installer to apply the changes:

Reviewer: We typically avoid (latin) abbreviations like that according to IBM style guide.

```suggestion
If you have changed a configuration file such as `/etc/foreman-installer/custom-hiera.yaml`, rerun installer to apply your changes:
```
